ueries to run on the code and their explanation:
1- suggest(X).
In this query a user will be asked the following questions with respect to user’s answers:
What city do you want ? jeddah 
What type of activity are you looking for ? athletic
Solo or group activity ? solo
What is your mood ? happy
What is your gender ? female
In or Out door ? indoor
And then the system will recommend a link suggesting the activity.
2- activity(X,riyadh,entertaining,solo,sad,male,outdoor).
In this query we want the system to give us the link of the specified charactaristics which 
are: city of riyadh, and entertaining activity type, solo, when the mood is sad, for a male, 
and outdoor activity.
3- activity('https://instagram.com/strangers.coffee?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y=',X,_,_,_
,_,_).
This query gives us the city of the specified link, regardless of (mood,gender,activity 
type,in Or out door, solo Or group).
4- city(jeddah).
This query checks if jeddah was a city we defined in our system or not.
5- gender(X).
This query lists the gender we have in the system(female/male).
6- activityUrl('https://www.studytogether.com/', educational, indoor, sad, female).
This specified query checks if this rule was defined in the system or not.
7- activity('https://www.fitnesstime.com.sa/en-us', C,A,O,M,G,D).
This query lists all the information about the specified activity place to the user(the city, 
mood, gender, activity type, in or out door, solo or group activity).
8- activity(X,jeddah,food,_,_,_,outdoor).
This query gives a place for a food activity in jeddah that is outdoor.
9- mood(X).
This query lists the moods we defined in our system(Happy-Sad-Enthusiastic-Stressed).
10-suggest(X).
In this query a user will be asked the following questions with respect to user’s answers:
What city do you want ? riyadh 
What type of activity are you looking for ? educational
Solo or group activity ? solo
What is your mood ? stressed
What is your gender ? male
In or Out door ? outdoor
And then the system will recommend a link suggesting the activityز
